IP-NFTs enable you to easily swap, share, fraction, common, co-manage and colectively commercialize IP, disrupting the 
IP market by making IP composable with DeFI. 

DeFi composability means IP-NFTs can be used to mix and match with other software components like lego bricks. For example,
used, used as RWA (https://vote.makerdao.com/executive/template-executive-vote-onboarding-real-world-asset-vaults-july-29-2022)
collateral to mint stablecoins in MakerDAO; wrapped to cross chains using Synapse and LayerZero. traded on marketplaces like
OpenSea, Sudoswap and Gem; listed in bespoke IP marketplace like Molecule Discovery; insured using Nexus Mutual; and 
collateralised, modified, updated, beatified and gamified. IP NFTs can be fractionalized into fungible tokens or fractionalised
into a mix of fungible and non-fungible tokens using the FRENS & DAM legal+smart contract protocol we describe herein.

A classic risk for traditional IP, both because of inefficient default IP laws as well as jurisdictional conflict laws,
is risk of dispute over control. We strongly recommend that you have a clear understanding of who controls a piece of IP
you want to mint into an IP-NFT, many of the traditional risk of IP control can be avoided. If disputes arise over who has
legal control over an IP-NFT, the whole DeSci economy suffers.

To mitigate this risk is to transfer to the IP-NFT into a single legal entity co-managed by several people, e.g. a Series LLC 
minted on Wrappr. Make sure the LLC wrapper has clear mechanisms for determining how the IP can be commercialised. By using a 
wrapper corporation that sets forth clear terms and conditions regarding IP control and housing the IP in an IP-NFT, many of
the traditional risks of IP control can be avoided.

#This is similar to bare trust wrappers

 

2.1.2 Working Group Members
A working group member provides expertise and advice to VitaDAO. Members can apply to join working groups
based on their experience or expertise. Working groups elect working group stewards, who are responsible for leading
working groups. Working groups may decide to create incentives for their members in a variety of forms, including
paying them for services or creating bounties. In cases where working group members are paid, they can be compensated
in VITA tokens, ETH, cash, or other incentive schemes as decided by members.
5 of 17

2.1.3 Working Groups
The initial working groups are:
1. Governance
2. Tokenomics
3. Information & Awareness
4. Legal
5. Longevity
6. Compensation/Incentives/Ops




IP-NFTs and Equity-Tokens




